Miss Ye
I really don't need to give any military leader a red flag inspection
How can that work?
How could you miss this opportunity?
As long as you catch up with the military and civilian action
You won't come once as a monk
Come on, I'll take you in
This is your miss
So beautiful
It's you guys who dress so casually
Really flowers on cow dung
Why are you here?
how
Are you allowed to toast Jun Yihou alone?
My lady can't come
Your king, don't be angry with such a person!
We'll smash them with money later.
Let's go
Hahaha friends be quiet
Everyone be quiet
Ladies and gentlemen, we are all able to gather here today
All for a common purpose
That is to be able to see
The world-famous military commander Lord's demeanor
Everybody knows that.
What about the hometown of Lord Marshal Hou?
Right in our Lanzhou
And this time back home
That was at the strong invitation of the World Chief
Did the lord agree after the military order?
I'm going to give you a meet and greet.
My lord
Just relying on this kind of nameless
So today?
I won it for everyone and Lord Junlie
Opportunities for group photos and toasts
However, Lord Junlie, things are not perfect
A chance for a group photo and a toast today?
Only once each
For the sake of fairness
These two activities
We decided to decide the candidates by auction
Now I declare
Auction opportunity to take a photo with Lord King's Landing
Starting price 1 million
Can I take a photo with the Lord's Landing
Isn't it possible to blow for a lifetime?
More than just blowing for a lifetime
It's simply glorious
2 million
3 million 5 million
I give 10 million
10 million, 20 million.